Really?
Can you tell me more about what I just asked you?
It's actually quite simple
Although this is not a place for people to stay
But the salary is really high.
Some people already know what this place is for
It's for the money
Some people are forced just like us
But institutionalized
Helping those who bully themselves bully others
Instead, I feel comfortable
Did you ever think about getting out?
Escape
Enter here and try to escape unless you die
Otherwise, your family
Get in touch with the Nanyang Chamber of Commerce
Ken spent a lot of money to get you out
So, Luna, you are an internet celebrity now.
Is there nothing you can do at home?
Maybe. But I don't know how to say it.
In fact, my ex-boyfriend is Lin Siyan
But I had a bit of a conflict with him before coming here
Have broken up